normally I don't talk in my videos where
I play music because I figure if
someone's looking for the song they just
want to hear the song but in this video
I feel like it's necessary to explain
something um Scotland does not actually
have an official national anthem because
they are controlled right now basically
they're controlled by England are part
of the UK but what I'm about to play our
several songs that either are candidates
basically for an unofficial national
anthem of Scotland like a flower of
Scotland is often considered the
unofficial anthem escot link or some of
the other songs are only folk songs so
Scotland has no national anthem but i
figured that because I'm part fetish
myself I wanted to pay something in my
national anthem series represents
Scotland so here are four songs i'll
post annotations in the video give me
the name of each song and probably a
little bit of history about it
ah
haha
Oh
ah it's